* The work has thus far has been a collaboration with LLMs (especially Gemini 3, who has displayed exceptional understanding of new ideas that are novel -- well beyond it's training sets). However, the scale of the project has become too much for current LLMs to operate effectively -- outside it's context window and ability to generate sparse relational data structures necessary for exploring large scale projects. The most important justification of LLM usage isn't that they are undeniably useful intellectual vehicles for augmenting one's intelligence and navigating the rough terrain of cross disciplinary idea space -- which they are incredibly good at -- but rather is that they can update intellectual property documents faster than any other being in known existence and reduce temporal vulnerabilities (IP exposure time, whether known or unknown).
* With that said, the terminology used is not in perfect alignment with the spirit of the original vision -- neither are some of the structures. For instance, the use of the term *economy* seems to suggest some validation of a capitalistic system. I would argue that it is very much counter to a capitalistic system (at least as far as capitalistism as it is claimed to be from elite circles of society -- some original ideas of capitalism include imperatives such as regulations and equalities which make the ideas more defensible). The economy described is a distribution of resources to improve the efficacy of the model behavior externally and internally -- a spectrum on the continuum of balance. There is no notion of "it costs as much as one is willing to pay". The decisions around distribution are also based on another spectrum of the balance -- the need of self (agents or local autonomy) and the model (democracy of agents or global autonomy).

